What are you guys like? Charlies Dangles?

Haha. Guy with a funny bone. But it doesnt matter who you are, everybody shits their pants onces I get started.

Dude, is that like your profession or just a hobby? I mean, what got you started? Was it the smell or the sight?
Cause let me tell you, its a pretty fucked up hobby and an even wierder profession if you ask me.

Hmm... (he turns with a pair of Side cutting pliers his hands) Ohh I am going to enjoy this.

"Wait T" a soft voice spoke out of the shadows.
T? whats that short for? T-Rex? T-Bone? Trambone??

"Common Jane, he is begging for it." T reponded in agitation. 
Begging or not, we do not have the time for this. I will ask him the questions. You go and help Sam with the grid. 

"Ohh he doesnt like what he is being told to do by his boss lady now"

T started back at me, a stare which promised this would not be the last I have seen of him. 
I quickly broke my eye contact and tured to look at Jane as she stepped out of the shadows. T gave a half-glance towards Jane and walked out of the room without saying a word. 

A lithe figure stared back at me. It must have been the way T responded to her command because there seemed to be something omnious about her though all I could outwardly see was a handsome lady.
You are sneeky! I didnt even know you were there till now. 

She ignored my banter and asked in a cold stelly voice as she walked toward me. 
Who are you?
Sir Humphry Bogart the Thrid. Who might you be, beau....

She simply flicked her hand and landed a backhanded slap with a resounding crack across my face and sent my head spinning.

Do your self a favor and answer my questions before I change my mind and let T do his trick. She continued in a casual tone as if we were discussing the weather. 
The tone had changed to casual, but it sent a shiver down my spine nevertheless. 
Who are you? 

Michaale. I responded. 

Good. That wasnt hard, was it. She said taking the seat vacated by T.
Now, what are you doing here? She leaned back and crossed her legs. 

I have passed this house a million times before and it always looked empty. Thought I could, maybe steal something I could sell and get a fix.
I didnt know it was occupied. Please let me go, I will not breath a word of this to anyone. I promise.

I was astronised at the fear in my voice. All my bravado had leaked out of me with one smack. 

"You cant be serious" she smirked. She got up and glide toward the door.
"Will you guys kill me?" I blurted out. 

She paused with the door ajar, turned back and responded. "Definitely."
Please dont torture me... I begged.
"Its not the how Michale, its the when I care about" she said and walked out closing the door behind her.

I may have involentrily wet myself and she caused it with a casual tone and a simple promise. 




 
